adding iframe usage guidance (#3804)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/iframe-usage.md

# Using iframes with MSAL

MSAL.js can be used with iframed applications under restricted conditions:

> * You **cannot** iframe the Azure AD login UX itself. Specifically, the service will refuse to render prompts for credential entry and consent by throwing the `X-FRAME OPTIONS SET TO DENY` error. This restriction is due to prevent [clickjacking attacks](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/Clickjacking).

Reviewer: B2C service does allow this: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/embedded-login?pivots=b2c-custom-policy

Since MSAL prevents redirects in iframe, apps will need to setup `system.allowRedirectIframe` to `true` to enable this feature.

Author: gotcha -added a remark

# Using iframes with MSAL

MSAL.js can be used with iframed applications under restricted conditions:

* You **cannot** iframe the Azure AD login UX itself. Specifically, the service will refuse to render prompts for credential entry and consent by throwing the `X-FRAME OPTIONS SET TO DENY` error. This restriction is due to prevent [clickjacking attacks](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/Clickjacking).
* Due to the restriction above, you **cannot** use [redirect APIs](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/initialization.md#redirect-apis) in an iframed app; user interactions with the IdP must be handled via popups (see [below](#error-handling))
* You **can** achieve [single-sign on](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/msal-js-sso) between iframed and parent apps running on the same domain **and** on different domains **if** both apps are owned or managed (see [below](#single-sign-on))

> > :information_source: Azure AD B2C offers an [embedded sign-in experience](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/embedded-login) (public preview), which allows rendering a custom login UX in an iframe. Since MSAL prevents redirects in iframe, you'll need to set the [allowRedirectIframe](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/configuration.md#system-config-options) configuration option to **true** in order to make user of this feature.

Author: added a remark: "Note that enabling this configuration option for apps on Azure AD is not recommended, in accordance with the above restrictions"

> > :information_source: Azure AD B2C offers an [embedded sign-in experience](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/embedded-login) (public preview), which allows rendering a custom login UX in an iframe. Since MSAL prevents redirects in iframe, you'll need to set the [allowRedirectIframe](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/configuration.md#system-config-options) configuration option to **true** in order to make user of this feature.

Reviewer 2: Thanks

## Single sign-on

iframed and parent apps on the same domain will have access to the same MSAL.js cache instance and will be able to sing-in without prompts. See for more: [Single sign-on with MSAL.js](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/msal-js-sso)

iframed and parent apps on different domains can make use of the [ssoSilent()](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/login-user.md#silent-login-with-ssosilent) API. You will need to pass an **account**, a **loginHint** or a **sid** as parameter. To do so, you can make use of the [postMessage()](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/web-messaging.html#dom-window-postmessage-options-dev) API, use a 3rd party solution (e.g. [postmate](https://github.com/dollarshaveclub/postmate)) or implement a custom message broker. When using `postMessage()` API, please ensure to follow [security considerations](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/postMessage#security_concerns).

> 

Reviewer 2: Suggest to do a sub heading for `same domain` and `different domain` sections.

Author: done!

# Using MSAL in iframed apps

By default, MSAL prevents full-frame redirects to **Azure AD** login UX when an app is rendered inside an iframe, which means you cannot use [redirect APIs](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/initialization.md#redirect-apis) for user interaction with the IdP:

> - This restriction is imposed since **Azure AD** will refuse to render prompts for **credential entry** and **consent** in an iframe by throwing the `X-FRAME OPTIONS SET TO DENY` error (see: [x-frame options](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/browsing-the-web.html#the-x-frame-options-header)), a measure taken to prevent [clickjacking attacks](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/Clickjacking).

Reviewer: It will also refuse to render logout prompts.

Reviewer: And thus I would add a section on using `logoutPopup`.

Author: @jasonnutter add this bullet point:

> - Similarly, you'll have to use the [logoutPopup()](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/logout.md#logoutpopup) API for sign-outs (:warning: if your app is using a version of msal-browser older than v2.13, make sure to upgrade and replace the `logout()` API, as it will attempt a full-frame redirect to Azure AD).

- When using [popup APIs](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/initialization.md#popup-apis), you need to take into account any [sandboxing](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/origin.html#sandboxing) restrictions imposed by the parent app. In particular, the parent app needs to set `allow-popups` flag when the iframe is sandboxed.

**Azure AD B2C** offers an [embedded sign-in experience](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/embedded-login), which allows rendering a custom login UX in an iframe. Since MSAL prevents redirect in iframes by default, you'll need to set the [allowRedirectInIframe](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/configuration.md#system-config-options) configuration option to **true** in order to make use of this feature. Note that enabling this option for apps on **Azure AD** is not recommended, due to the above restriction.

## Browser restrictions

> Because Azure AD session cookies within an iframe are considered [3rd party cookies](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#third-party_cookies), certain browsers (for example **Safari** or **Chrome** in *incognito* mode with 3rd party cookies disabled) either block or clear these cookies. This will affect the **single sign-on** experience for iframed apps as they will not have access to IdP's session cookies (see: [Single sign-on](#single-sign-on)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Azure AD session cookies within an iframe are considered [3rd party cookies](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#third-party_cookies), certain browsers (for example **Safari** or **Chrome** in *incognito* mode with 3rd party cookies disabled) either block or clear these cookies. This will affect the **single sign-on** experience for iframed apps as they will not have access to IdP's session cookies (see: [Single sign-on](#single-sign-on)).
```

Additionally, when 3rd party cookies are disabled in **Chrome**, iframed MSAL apps will not have access to local or session storage. MSAL will fallback to in-memory storage in this case.

## Single sign-on

You **can** achieve [single sign-on](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/msal-js-sso) between iframed and parent apps with the [same-origin](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy) **and** with [cross-origin](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy#cross-origin_script_api_access) **if** you pass an [account hint](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/login-user.md#silent-login-with-ssosilent) from the parent app to the iframed app.

### Apps with same-origin

> iframed and parent apps with the same-origin may have access to the same MSAL.js cache instance and be able to sign-in without prompts, provided that both apps configure MSAL to use the [local storage](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/caching.md#cache-storage) for caching. See for more: [Single sign-on with MSAL.js](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/msal-js-sso)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iframed and parent apps with the same-origin may have access to the same MSAL.js cache instance and be able to sign-in without prompts, provided that both apps configure MSAL to use the [local storage](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/caching.md#cache-storage) for caching. See for more: [Single sign-on with MSAL.js](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/msal-js-sso)
```

### Apps with cross-origin

> iframed and parent apps with cross-origin can make use of the [ssoSilent()](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/login-user.md#silent-login-with-ssosilent) API to achieve single sign-on. To do so, the parent app needs to pass down either an **account**, a **loginHint** (username) or a **session id** (sid) to the iframed app. For cross-origin communication between iframed and parent apps, there are a few alternatives you can consider:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iframed and parent apps with cross-origin can make use of the [ssoSilent()](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/login-user.md#silent-login-with-ssosilent) API to achieve single sign-on. To do so, the parent app needs to pass down either an **account**, a **loginHint** (username) or a **session id** (sid) to the iframed app. For cross-origin communication between iframed and parent apps, there are a few alternatives you can consider:
```

- Instead, you'll have to rely on MSAL's [popup APIs](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/initialization.md#popup-apis) if user interaction is required, and/or silent APIs (`ssoSilent()`, `acquireTokenSilent()`) if user interaction can be avoided.
- Similarly, you'll have to use the [logoutPopup()](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/logout.md#logoutpopup) API for sign-outs (:warning: if your app is using a version of msal-browser older than v2.13, make sure to upgrade and replace the `logout()` API, as it will attempt a full-frame redirect to Azure AD).
- When using [popup APIs](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/initialization.md#popup-apis), you need to take into account any [sandboxing](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/origin.html#sandboxing) restrictions imposed by the parent app. In particular, the parent app needs to set `allow-popups` flag when the iframe is sandboxed.

> **Azure AD B2C** offers an [embedded sign-in experience](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/embedded-login), which allows rendering a custom login UI in an iframe. Since MSAL prevents redirect in iframes by default, you'll need to set the [allowRedirectInIframe](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/configuration.md#system-config-options) configuration option to **true** in order to make use of this feature. Note that enabling this option for apps on **Azure AD** is not recommended, due to the above restriction.

Reviewer 3: Should we add a similar statement to the 'working-with-b2c' doc? Would be good to have all the B2C considerations called out in one place.

Author: sure thing, let me do that

Author: done!

## Browser restrictions

> Because Azure AD session cookies within an iframe are considered [3rd party cookies](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#third-party_cookies), certain browsers (for example **Safari** or **Chrome** in *incognito* mode with 3rd party cookies disabled) either block or clear these cookies. This will affect the **single sign-on** experience for iframed apps as they will not have access to IdP's session cookies (see: [Single sign-on](#single-sign-on)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Because Azure AD session cookies within an iframe are considered [3rd party cookies](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#third-party_cookies), certain browsers (for example **Safari** or **Chrome** in *incognito* mode) either block or clear these cookies by default. This will affect the **single sign-on** experience for iframed apps as they will not have access to IdP's session cookies (see: [Single sign-on](#single-sign-on)).
```

> Additionally, when 3rd party cookies are disabled in **Chrome**, iframed MSAL apps will not have access to local or session storage. MSAL will fallback to in-memory storage in this case.

Reviewer 3: Does the iframed app not have access to local/session storage at all or does it just have its own segmented local/session storage?

Author: I believe it blocks all access. @jasonnutter can you confirm?

Reviewer: Today, it is completely blocked. And they don't have access to any persistent storage, including indexeddb.

- You can add query strings to iframe's source in the parent app and retrieve them later in the child:

```javascript
// Create the main myMSALObj instance
// configuration parameters are located at authConfig.js
const myMSALObj = new msal.PublicClientApplication({
    auth: {
        clientId: "ENTER_CLIENT_ID",
        authority: "https://login.microsoftonline.com/ENTER_TENANT_ID",
        redirectUri: "/redirect", // set to a blank page for handling auth code response via popups
    },
    cache: {
        cacheLocation: "localStorage", // set your cache location to local storage
    },
});

let username = "";

window.onload = () => {
    
    const urlParams = new URLSearchParams(window.location.search);
    username = urlParams.get("username");

    // attempt SSO
    myMSALObj.ssoSilent({

>         loginHint: username

Reviewer 3: Can we have these samples demonstrate using `sid` or the account instead? `loginHint` causes a lot of issues for people and I think our docs should default to showing the more reliable hint when possible

Author: ah, ok then I'll revise

Author: done
